Add Q&A about moving from cloud to self-hosted/etc (#12378)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/cloud/faq.mdx

[Reach out to sales](https://goteleport.com/signup/enterprise) to discuss pricing.

> ## If I start with Teleport Cloud, can I move to self-hosted or community, or do I need to start again?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## If I start with Teleport Cloud, can I move to Teleport Enterprise or Teleport Open Source, or do I need to start again?
```

> If you also plan to use S3 and DynamoDB, we can provide data for you to import. But you should reach out to us first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you plan to use S3 and DynamoDB as storage backends, we can provide data for you to import. But you should reach out to us first.
```

Reviewer: To make this a bit more explicit, I think we should also add a sentence indicating what happens if you plan to use another storage backend.

Author: Maybe "If you use a different backend, you will need to start over."?  I don't know if we have any migration path from the Cloud's S3/DynamoDB to other backends.

Reviewer: Works for me!
